search: document -content and NOT (#12776)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

- Saved search emails now include a link to the user's saved searches page. [#11651](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/11651)
- Campaigns can now be synced using GitLab webhooks. [#12139](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/12139)
- Configured `observability.alerts` can now be tested using a GraphQL endpoint, `triggerObservabilityTestAlert`. [#12532](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/12532)

> - `content:` filters can now be negated (`-content:`) for literal and regular expression patterns on indexed repositories.
> - `NOT`, a new query operator, is now available as an alternative to `-` on supported keywords.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is now possible to search for file content that excludes a term using the `NOT` operator. [TODO Stefan references a PR](some PR)
- `NOT`, a new query operator, is now available as an alternative to `-` on supported keywords `repo`, `file`, `content`, `lang`, `repohasfile`. [TODO Stefan references a PR](some PR)
```

To be totally accurate, we should add for both of these entries:

> when the experimental `migrateParser: true` option is set in site settings

(or similar).

I will remove this clause if I feel confident about turning it on for 3.19. Similar for the operator doc below.

Reviewer: Also, this only works on indexed repos (worth stating in the change log and operator section)

> - It is now possible to search for file content that excludes a term using the `NOT` operator. Negating patterns requires the experimental `migrateParser: true` option in the site settings and is currently only supported for literal and regexp queries on indexed repositories. [#12412](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/12412)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is now possible to search for file content that excludes a term using the `NOT` operator. Negating patterns requires the experimental `"search.migrateParser": true` option in the site settings and is currently only supported for literal and regexp queries on indexed repositories. [#12412](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/12412)
```

> - It is now possible to search for file content that excludes a term using the `NOT` operator. Negating patterns requires the experimental `"search.migrateParser": true` option in the site settings and is currently only supported for literal and regexp queries on indexed repositories. [#12412](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/12412)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is now possible to search for file content that excludes a term using the `NOT` operator. Negating pattern syntax requires setting `"search.migrateParser": true` in the global settings and is currently only supported for literal and regexp queries on indexed repositories. [#12412](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/12412)
```

> - `NOT` is available as an alternative syntax of `-` on supported keywords `repo`, `file`, `content`, `lang`, and `repohasfile`. `NOT` requires the experimental `migrateParser: true` option in site settings. [#12520](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/12520)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `NOT` is available as an alternative syntax of `-` on supported keywords `repo`, `file`, `content`, `lang`, and `repohasfile`. `NOT` requires the experimental `"search.migrateParser": true` option in global settings. [#12520](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/12520)
```

> - `NOT` is available as an alternative syntax of `-` on supported keywords `repo`, `file`, `content`, `lang`, and `repohasfile`. `NOT` requires the experimental `"search.migrateParser": true` option in global settings. [#12520](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/12520)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `NOT` is available as an alternative syntax of `-` on supported keywords `repo`, `file`, `content`, `lang`, and `repohasfile`. `NOT` requires setting `"search.migrateParser": true` option in global settings. [#12520](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/12520)
```
